DOCS-440 Best practices when using services. (#117)
freenas/documentation: content/en/docs/initial-setup/best-practices/security-best-practice.md

stability between the share and the Apple system. Finally, if adding
an *Administrators Group*, make sure the members of the group are
correct. Members of the administration group have full permissions and
can cause destruction on the share.

When <a href="/docs/sharing/smb/smb-share/">creating a SMB share</a>, a
*Purpose* can be selected. This changes the share configuration with
one click. For example, when selecting *Private SMB Datasets and Shares*
from the list, TrueNAS automatically tunes some of the settings so that
the share is set up for private use. To fully customize the share
settings, select *No presets* for the *Purpose*. Unless a specific
purpose for the share is required, it is recommended to select
*Default share parameters* as the *Purpose*.

See <a href="/docs/sharing/smb/smb-share/"> Configuring a Windows SMB
Share</a> to create a share.

## NFS

Like SMB, NFS is a sharing protocol to enable other users to
connect to the TrueNAS to share data. To see the NFS service settings,
go to **Services** and click <i class="fas fa-pen"></i>. By default,
all settings are unset. Unless needed for a specific use case, keep
the default NFS service settings.

> When <a href="">creating a NFS share</a>, some things can be done to

Reviewer: Missing link

ensure a safer sharing experience. In the advanced options, authorized
networks and authorized hosts and IP addresses can be specified. If
authorized networks are specified, any system that is not on the
authorized networks cannot connect to the share. Likewise, if specific
hosts or IP addresses are specified, then those are the only
systems that can connect to the share. When *Authorized Networks* or
*Authorized Hosts and IP addresses* are left blank, it allows all to
connect. Allowing any system to connect to the NFS share raises some
security concern.

> See <a href="">Configuring a Unix NFS Share</a> to create a share.

Reviewer: Missing link

## iSCSI

The last sharing service is iSCSI. The best practice for setting up
iSCSI sharing on TrueNAS is to follow the creation wizard unless a
specific configuration is required. To create an iSCSI share, go to
**Sharing > Block Shares (iSCSI)** and click *WIZARD*. During the iSCSI
wizard there are a couple of settings to consider for extra security.
When creating a new portal, consider adding a *Discovery Authentication
Method*. This adds an authentication between the initiator and the
extent based on the chosen authentication method. Next, a list of
*Initiators* and *Authorized Networks* allowed to connect

> to the extent can be added. This is useful when choosing a select few
> system to be able to connect to the extent. If left blank all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the extent can be added. This is useful when choosing a few
systems to be able to connect to the extent. If left blank, all
```

initiators and all networks are allowed to connect to the extent.

> See <a href="">Configuring a Block Share (iSCSI)</a> to create a share.

Reviewer: Missing link
